# Digital-Watermarking-Scheme
Novel bandwidth efficient digital watermarking scheme using concatenation of three transforms.

Digital watermarking is technique of fixing data into digital form such as image, video & audio data which helpful to identify possessorship of novelty data. This technique is useful for copyright protection, tamper-resistant, theft-intimidation etc. it should be fixed in such a way that naked eye cannot bring into the mind & hard to eliminate, as growth of technologies in the digital side is becoming wider and wider chances of clone copies is added. One of the instant research field is to assure digital watermark inside the data so that minor party cannot hold it. This project pertains to an algorithm for black and white (binary) digital image watermarking technique based on discrete wavelet transform, singular value decomposition and DCST.  In this algorithm, the host image is compressed first and then watermarking process has been carried out. Here, the required bandwidth and storage capacity for image data will be reduced during transmission due to applied compression before watermarking. The sturdiness of both host image as well as watermark image is tested along with DCST using respective performance measures. Finally, the performance of DCST based watermarking implementation has been compared with existing algorithm based on DOST. Comparative analysis has been carried out in presence of white Gaussian noise attack. The result show that, performance of the proposed algorithm is better as compared to existing DOST based algorithm.
